Bugfix release 23.0.1 (#1077)
folio-org/mod-circulation: NEWS.md

## 23.0.1 2022-03-30

> * For all passed parameters to /circulation/rules/request-policy endpoint behavioral consistency is achieved (CIRC-1169)
> * Choose request level and request type when creating instance requests (CIRC-1442)
> * Fix checkout closing request for different item of the same instance (CIRC-1450)
> * Define missed permissions in perm set and remove redundant permission (CIRC-1453)
> * Add get fixed due date schedules collection permission (CIRC-1456)
> * Notice not sending for notice trigger = Item recalled (CIRC-1464)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not fail when nonexistent location ID is passed to GET /circulation/rules/request-policy (CIRC-1169)
* POST /circulation/requests/instances must create "true" TLR when feature is enabled (CIRC-1442)
* Fix checkout closing request for different item of the same instance (CIRC-1450)
* Add missing permissions for circulation rules (CIRC-1453)
* Add missing permission to POST /circulation/requests/instances (CIRC-1456)
* Fix patron notices not going out for recalled loans (CIRC-1464)
```
